h2. Change log

h4. 2016/9/11

* Fix grammatical error on homepage

h4. 2016/9/10

* Add terminal blocks for the Hackable Electronic Badge

h4. 2016/06/27

* Fix bugs introduced in build 2016/06/24
* Limit servo to a limited set of pins
* Replace servo angle input by angle selection

h4. 2016/06/24

* C variable types
* Simplify cognew
* Problem with newline character in print block
* Remove math_single
* Add random number block
* Hackable Electronic Badge: toggle led
* Move boolean block to values category
* Fix EEPROM quote issues
* Remove duplicate blocks in category
* Add initialization for pins that get toggled

h4. 2016/06/16

* Minor toolbox organization and naming changes
* Project table and form improvement (board and user)

h4. 2016/06/14

* Toolbox: programming menu simplification
* Toolbox: remove Input/output for HEB board selection
* Make 'wait' a reserved word in C

h4. 2016/06/13

* Fix type checking for Booleans
* Show project name and owner in editor
* Fix project delete and clone
* Fix wrong links to old home page

h4. 2016/06/12

* Simplify authentication and authorization
* Filter editor toolbox based on selected board
* Fix set-pins block
* Fix delete all blocks functionality in editor
* Put variables and functions under programming category
* Fix HMC5883 Category
* Fix HEB IR receive block
* Add BETA mark

Second deployment to fix:

* HEB OLED print static text
* HEB IR receive block data types

h4. 2016/06/06

* Change color palette
* Fix timing blocks
* Add default values to blocks
* Rework cog_new and cog_end for the C editor
* Improve coding style in generated code
* Fix HEB IR receive block
* Fix quotes and invalid block code for I2C blocks
* Fix quotes in SD card blocks
* HMC5883L compass blocks

h4. 2016/05/30

* Clean C blocks
* Correct quotes
* PWM blocks
* Fix issues

h4. 2016/05/24

* Eeprom and sd cards
* ActivityBot and servo
* Datatypes
* Spin issues

h4. 2016/05/18

* New blocks and block bugfixes

h4. 2016/05/02

* First version with change log
* Redesigned project form
* Public profile pages
